This is also about Jiang Wanyue's strange personality
unscrupulous
Fornication
Bullying sister
And this was something that everybody knew.
You're all done
Then I have something to say.
Full moon, your face is healed
It's ready.
Although her father Wanyue was raised in the countryside since childhood
But I also know etiquette and shame
However, the prince and sister Yun went too far
They are undercover
hook up and rape
If this gets out
The face of the royal family and the face of my Jiang family
It all depends.
So Wanyue can only wronge herself
Fulfill them
Let them get married
Only in this way can public opinion be calmed
Save everyone's face
As for the so-called fornication
The butler has asked me to leave the house
What's more, he is over fifty years old
Ugly
Does father really think that Wan Yue will take a fancy to him?
How could my daughter like an old housekeeper?
Father you
Sir, you stole your sister's marriage
They opened him up.
His heart can be killed
How did I give birth to you?
Vicious daughter
General Jiang is obviously Jiang Wanyue, I'm sorry, I'll write it again
How can you still reverse black and white?
The minister entrusted the prince to take care of the evening moon
Is this how the prince takes care of him?
When I begged His Highness to agree to a marriage
He once promised to bring 3,000 cavalry under his command
As a graceful dowry
Give it to His Highness
But now it seems
The minister can only keep it for himself
general
Rouer is also your daughter
Zoer
Persuade the general well